# YOUR PROJECT TITLE
    #### LogIn Checker:  <https://youtu.be/1yXOS65xH6Q>
    #### Description:
    So, after finishing this course, I felt like a learned enough to be able to put out a project completely done by myself. I went a couple of days, watching some videos, gathering some ideas and to be honest, I spent quit some time, did about three other projects that I did not feel quite connected to. But at the end of the day, I was able to practice more and eventualy I came up with my idea and project afterwards.
    My project name is "LogIn Checker" for Harvard, or could fit any school page.
    Has the name itself shows, what it does, it checks the email with the usual minimum requirements of an email creation for a log in page, checks also the password with the usual requirements of having a minimum of eight characters with an uppercase and lowercase letters including also numbers. Then I prompt the user for a username which must to be between four and eight characters and can not match the password. By the end, I went to my test page, and tested for those three checkers, where each one of them was itself a function.
    So let's get to the bottom of it.
    At first, I started by importing two libraries: "re", and "sys". The re, was because I needed some regular expressions to be able to check for the eligibility of the email and the password. Then, I started by writting my "main" function at the top and then closing it by writting "if __name__ == "__main__: main()". By having the main function, I already wrote also the name of the three functions I wanted to create as well, the "email" function, the "password" function and finally the "username" function.
    All I had to do now was to develope those three functions.
    So at first, I went to "def email():", and created a "try and except" block. And inside my "try" block, I wanted to start off by printing a warning to the user with the print function saying "Email must contain '@harvard.edu.com'.", after that, I went and created a variable where I could store the result of prompting the user for an input with the "input()" function, and added a "strip()" function at the end, so I would remove any white spaces from any user that could try to use them. After after having the email on an "email" variable, I went and compared it to the parameters of my regular expression in order to confirm that the email could fit a raw string with any alphabetic characters allowing also the dot, making it to match at the beggining and also wanted it to match "@harvard.edu.com" at the end, being case isensitive. At the end if the email would match my regular expression, it would be print a message to the user saying "Valid Email" and would move on to the next parameter, otherwise it would run off my "exccept" block and would exit the programme with "sys.exit" and a message saying "Invalid Email".
    Next, I moved on to work on my password function by "def password():", then I created another "try and except" block, and inside the "try" block, I printed another message for the user, this time, asking for a password with at least 8 characters, including uppercase, lowercase and numbers, created a variable named "password" where I would prompt the user for a password trought the "input():" function with a message saying "Password:". After having the password stored on a password variable I created a variable called "password_patter" where I stored a regular expression where the password would be alphabetical and also include numbers, but with a minimum of eight characters and a uppercase and lowercase letters. Then with an "if" conditional, and the match function of regular expressions, I compared the password with the password pattern, if it would match, it print a message saying "Valid". Otherwise it would get to my "except" block and with "sys.exit" I would print "Invalid Password".
    Finally it was time for my user function with "def user():", this time without a "try and except" block, I start off by printing with the print function the following message: "Username must to be between 4 to 8 characters". Then I created a variable called username, where with the "input():" function I stored the username gave by the user. After having the username variable with the user input, with a regular expression function "match", I checked if the username would match the password, and if so, I wrote the "sys.exit" function with a message saying: "Invalid Username". Then I compared the lenght of the string provided on the username function to see if it would be higher than eight and lower than for. If that happend with the username having more than eight characters, it would output a message from "sys.exit" saying:"Too many characters", otherwise if the lenght of the username was lower than four characters it would output a messagem from "sys.exit" saying:"Need more characters". by the end, if my user name passed all these checkers, it woud print with the "print():" a message saying valid.

    Now was time for my "test_project". so, on this page, I started by importing my email function, my password function and my username function from project.
    After that I defined three functions called "test_email", "test_password" and "test_username" where I would test my functions.
    I started my construction my "test_email" function where with the "assert" keyword, I asserted that the email could not be "None", then with the same "assert" keyword I asserted that the email could not end in "@gmail.com", "@yahoo.com" and "@outlook.com".
    Now I needed to work on my test_password function, where with the "assert" keyword, I asserted that the password could not also be None, nether "Maria", "1234", or "maria1234"
    Finally I needed to test my username function by defining my "test_username" where I also with the "assert" keyword asserted that the username was not None, nether could be the same as password, a simple "A", or a string with more than eight characters.